
Number: 1
Room: The Ruins of a Shattered Castle
Desc: You stand in the ruins of a shattered castle, that is old and familiar. The seat of your family line.
Desc: All around you lies rubble, that is too big to carry, and too hard for any tool to break. A great peace always
Desc: calms you as no monster dare come here. This place has been a haven for centuries when th village was raided by
Desc: armies or bandits. To the south is a peaceful glen. Down lies  the castle basement, sealed by your ancestor years ago.
Exit: South 2
Exit: Down 23
Number: 2
Room: A Peaceful Glen
Desc: This peaceful glen is peaceful.
Desc: The chirping of birds and fish splattering
Desc: the water can be heard as you walk
Desc: the shoreline. From here the castle is to the north and to the west is the old drow mine.
Exit: North 1
Exit: West 3
Number: 3
Room: Entrance to a Drow Mine
Desc: The gently sloping plain rises sharply here as a hill rises to the west.
Desc: There is a mine shaft west of you with a clearly defined pathway leading
Desc: up and inside.
Desc: You can't see inside. Behind you is the peaceful glen.
Exit: East 2
Exit: West 4
Number: 4
Room: Inside the Drow Mine
Desc: The walls have been carved by hand tools
Desc: There is evidence of something recently traveled these caverns.
Desc: The sounds of the mine are unnerving.
Desc: Tools and broken equipment. To the east lies the mine entrance, to the north lies a dark whole, to the south lies a tunnel
Exit: North 7
Exit: East 3
Exit: South 5
Number: 5
Room: Unfinished Tunnel
Desc: Goblins and dwarves actually come from the same bloodline. They mine and build in the darkness. Goblins and dwarves
Desc: split off over 50 thousand years ago before the age of man. Goblins being much shorter and brownish green, and dwarves
Desc: being unchanged. Some say it was the Gods of Twilight that blighted them. Here lies an unfinished tunnel. Old tools
Desc: and carts lay on top of old tract. It's unusual for goblins to not kill or eat intruders that stop them. To the north is a clearing.
Exit: North 5
Exit: South 6
Number: 6
Room: Buried Gravesite
Desc: You enter the clearing and see torches lit with unknown methods, with a deep blue ting. You remember your mother
Desc: telling you about the old kings burying evil men who where executed by the  courts deep in caves.
Desc: This reminds you of the great knight Ringheld, who was discovered to be killing little boys and taking
Desc: pleasure with their corpses. Behind you is the Unfinished drown mine tunnel.
Exit: South 5
Number: 7
Room: Goblin Cave
Desc: Remains of Goblins litter the ground, along with their melted swords clutched in their skeletal hands.
Desc: Inhuman breathing can be heard from a distance. There is little light but few can mistake that sound.
Desc: Its best not to terry here, goblins are huge hoarders and often prey to more..greedy villains.
Desc: To the west a small light shines. To the south, the mine lies their silent.
Exit: West 8
Exit: South 4
Number: 8
Name: Sunshine Hill
Desc: The evening sun casts down upon you as you can see all much of Sky on this summit. Your village lies far to the west,
Desc: with is giant white remains of the old castle. Grass and tulips are all around and a gravestone of someone wishing
Desc: to be buried in the better areas. I can take a breather, what about you?
Desc: To the east is the destroyed Goblin lair, to the south lies the Dark Lake where the cabolds live, to the west are ruins.
Exit: South 9
Exit: East 7
Exit: West 16
Number: 9
Name:  Dark Lake
Desc: Being hard-headed has led you into danger once again. Places where even dragons don't like going. The trees
Desc: tower some 20 meters in the air, both ancient and impossible to cut. A piece of fruit from its tree is seen on the
Desc: ground from afar, crushing a stone before rolling to a halt. You clutched your armor as hisses and laughter are heard
Desc: From unseen creatures. A store is also seen to the left.
Exit: Store 15
Exit: North 8
Exit: Arena 10
Number: 10
Name:  Dark Lake Arena
Desc: The infamous arena of the cabolds. You watch as axe and claw are used to decide the fate of desperate combatants.
Desc: Sometimes you hear a shriek followed by a "Don eay!"
Desc: You wonder how much money is made off of these events as not many would travel to a cabold village to see it.
Desc: Tall bearded men are sometimes seen leaving the arena lugging their hard-earned belongings behind them.
Exit: Dark_Lake 9
Number: 11
Name:  Dark Lake Arena Pit
Desc: Teeth and blood litter the area and a roaring crowd watches you with earnest excitement.
Desc: "Bluuuuuur!" The horn sounds off.
Desc: A few cat girls blow kisses and flash themselves in spur of the moment excitement.
Desc: The opposite gate now rises. Let these sex-driven, blood circus begin.
Exit: Dark_Lake_Arena 10
Number: 12
Name:  Dark Lake Girls Home
Desc: A cabold girl lives simply as most things come easier for her than women of other races, except giants and dragons.
Desc: She sits on her bed with a look of deadly passion.
Desc: It's very difficult to judge what she is actually thinking as here cat eyes seem to be eying prey.
Desc: Hoping her mouth will not be used to gnaw your muscles off, you stand in front of her.
Exit: Dark_Lake 9
Number: 13
Name:  Dark Lake Girls2 Home
Desc: Some cabold girls are more girl than cabold. This home smells of perfume and waffles. Good, not a predator atleast.
Desc: You notice from her bending over to drop her mace, she wears no undies.
Desc: Come to think of it....cabolds probably don't ever where undies. You make a guesture and move your face towards
Desc: your host for a closer inspection as she is busy organizing the pile of equipment.
Exit: Dark_Lake 9
Number: 14
Name:  DarkLake Girls3 Home
Desc: The girl takes you to what seems like a butchery. A cannibal in true form!
Desc: The 5 ft 6 tigress smiles with huge delite as you spin around at all the hanging carcasses hanging from her ceiling.
Desc: She then asks "I know what it looks like, I was hoping you wouldn't mind me hanging from the ceiling tonight."
Desc: The sense of alarm is replaced with sexual rush as she strips you bare and warmth and moisture is felt on your torso.
Exit: Dark_Lake 9
Number: 15
Name:  Dark Lake Store
Desc: You walk into the sturdily built wooden structure and see a fat balding human cleaning a jar.
Desc: He sees you and shrugs, and goes back to cleaning. Cabolds great and small eagerly search through his wears ignoring you.
Desc: The sense of danger eases but not all together as this is still a cabold village.
Desc: Doing anything rash is ill-advised.
Exit: Dark_Lake 9
Number: 16
Name: Ruins of Temple
Desc: Despite the obvious ruins from afar upclose the stone seems very much intact. The doors have long decayed and
Desc: wild grass grows through the stone flooring, but much of the wall is still there with no roof. The architecture
Desc: comes from the time giants and man lived in peace as the entrances and windows are big enough for several wagons
Desc: There is an entrance to an old basement, and To the South lies Iron Quarry and its King Doscele, a dwarven hero.
Exit: South 18
Exit: East 11
Exit: Down 17
Number: 17
Name: Temple Basement
Desc: The stench of animals can be smelled, presumably form large cats. Despite the collapsed entrace, these area
Desc: seemed more like a gathering place, as a now empty pool is barely seen in the middle. With a closer inspection,
Desc: you see the remains of the lions with half-eaten skulls.....your gaurd goes up. Sometimes its better to go unnoticed.
Desc: A mountain of dirt is also noticed. Would be a normal site in a ruin, if not for the half digested skulls.
Exit: Up 16
Number: 18
Room: The Old Quarry
Desc: The realm of the dwarves. Dwarves were reported to be short and thick. Well the thick part is right.
Desc: Bearded men towering 6ft or higher with long beards and haughty attitudes laugh and drink as you go unnoticed.
Desc: A dwarf in fine cloth towering 7ft with a great grey beard is beard nods at your arrival. Kings of dwarves are
Desc: usually less withdrawn from their people but twice as strong. The shops bustle with renown vigor.
Exit: North 16
Exit: Closed_Dwarven_Hall 22
Exit: Tavern 19
Exit: Shop 20
Exit: Royal_Alcove 21
Number: 19
Room: Dwarven Tavern
Desc: The famous drinking hall of the dwarves!! The beer smell is sweet and the discussions are loud.
Desc: The tables are filled with not just older dwarves buy younger too. Despite being young, these
Desc: 6ft adolescents hold their own pretty well.
Desc: There are both fish and chips and roasted lamb on the tables.
Exit: South 6
Exit: North 8
Number: 20
Room: Dwarven General Shop
Desc: Potions, lotions,oils, and artifacts line the giant window as the shopkeeper greats you with a loud "Yoooiiiddd!"
Desc: These items are big but can still fit in your bag. Ewww! Its a pickled serpent tongue.
Desc: The shopkeeper after greeting you goes back to her craft with some huge dom contraption.
Desc: Its smells like magical vinegar in here.
Exit: South 6
Exit: North 8
Number: 21
Room: Dwarven Royal Alcove
Desc: This is where dwarven royals live? Massive wooden doors with mithril hinges and golden handles, copper colored
Desc: golden pots, deer being finely prepared in the pit, the 11 string lute a meter in length being played by a pretty
Desc: black haired dwarfet, herself being 6ft tall or greater. It smells of lilac and spiced wine. True splendour.
Desc: A man with an ordinate helmet sits in a gilded crafted chair sitting in contemplation.
Exit: South 6
Exit: North 8
Number: 22
Name: Closed Dwarven Hall
Desc: The smell of mold and decadence looms in the air. Dwarf remains of both mighty and renown
Desc: lay on the ground. Some of them half-eaten. The armor on the skeletons is sturdy and heavy.
Desc: The famous mithril battle-axes of the dwarves have weird blood on them, but still sharp.
Desc: Dwarves are fearless in battle, and their armor impenetrable, yet they tasted defeat?
Exit: The_Old_Quarry 18
Exit: Ancient_Gate 23
Number: 23
Name: Under The Castle
Desc: As the dwarven gate swings open, you walk back to the area where you and Isaiah played for years.
Desc: Your father spoke of the splendour of the old days and how your ancestor guarded the treasure room of the Gods.
Desc: Is this not the basement of your great ancestor King Neal? Your sense of amazement quickly
Desc: turned to horror as inhabitants long thought extinct stand before you with unsettled hatred.
Exit: Up 1
Exit: Down_The_Stairs 24
Number: 24
Room: Ancient Bastion
Desc: An ominous feeling overwhelms you as you realize why your home was monster free for so long.
Desc: Humans seem to be the only ones ignorant of greater dark auras. This bastion is old but
Desc: still strong with inhabitants that still yet live...or rather have not perished.
Desc: Its fields shows scars of a great fight and its victors let the bones remain...now they see you...

